[Wild Tiger]
Well this is gettin' us nowhere.
I say we rush 'em.
What do ya think? You in?
Hello?! Oh, forget it, you do what
you want, I'm goin' in--!
[Bunny] Okay, on the count of three,
we'll rush them from the right.
[Tiger] Screw the counting, let's go!
Wait, why the right?
[Bunny] There's less dirt on this side,
so there'll be less mud.
It's the logical direction to attack from.
[Tiger] Forget logic! I go off my gut.
And my gut tells me we go left!
[Bunny] No. Right.
[Tiger grunting] Like it matters
which way we go!
-[Bunny] So, we go right.
-[Tiger] No! Left!
[Bunny] Definitely right.
[Tiger grunting]
That does it!
Listen, Bunny, I've been around the block
a few times, okay?
I think I know what I'm doin' here!
-[whirring]
-[gasping] Ah!
[Bunny] Well that shut you up.
And for the last time,
stop calling me Bunny.
Huh?!
Okay! We've had enough of this!
This simulation is over!
You just proved my point.
Your gut?
If that's what we're supposed to rely on,
I don't want any part of it.
[grunts] It was just a simulation...
[Bunny]
And you're lucky that's all it was!
If it had been real, neither of us
would be walking out of here alive.
[spits]
Uh--
Oh, don't mind us, just pretend
we're not here. Act natural.
What a jerk! Why I agreed
to this, I'll never know.
Don't you get it? You're supposed to be
a team! That's the whole point!
A team is about teamwork.
And yours is terrible.
Going off the results so far,
I'm beginning to wonder why
we ever hired you, Kotetsu.
What? It's my fault?
Well, I'll leave
you guys to it.
-Hey, where do you think you--?
-No, let him go.
Barnaby's not the problem.
In fact, our stock's been up
ever since we signed him.
As for you, well, we expected much more.
-And frankly, it's make or break time.
-[Tiger sighs]
We thought you'd set a better example
while showing him the ropes.
You've been at this a lot longer
than he has after all.
Not that much longer...
Well we thought...
a training simulation would give you a
chance to demonstrate leadership.
To show us what you've got!
-A simulation?
-Yes.
It's never the same thing
running around in a simulator,
there's no danger, no risk involved!
I prefer the real thing!
Really. We could fire you.
Would that be real enough?
[sighing]
When it rains, it pours.
Hey, turn it off, will ya?
I'm rusting here!
[Agnes Joubert]
Wild Tiger, got a moment?
Or maybe I should call you Kotetsu,
since you're clearly off-duty.
[Rock Bison]
What do I think of Barnaby?
Well, he's an opponent,
but he's an opponent I can respect!
It'll be an honor to
beat him this season.
[Fire Emblem]
He's going to be a big star.
I mean, come on.
With that face and that body?
Yes, he's going places,
I only hope my place is one of 'em.
Talk about yummy.
[Sky High] You know, I sense something
special from that man.
And so I say, thanks
and thanks again!
[Tiger] Uh, I got nothin'.
Cut! Cut!
What the hell do you mean
you've got nothing?
I thought you were
supposed to be his partner!
[Tiger sighing]
So that's it?
Are you trying to wreck my show?
[Tiger]My mother taught me,
if you can't say anything nice, then...
This is the most idiotic,
unprofessional behavior I've ever seen!
[Tiger] Idiotic? What about
Sky High's catchphrase?
[impersonating] Thanks and thanks again!
[normal voice] How dumb is that?!
There is nothing wrong with that!
The people love that
catchphrase! They eat it up!
[Tiger] What people?
Look, I don't have time for this,
I'll just write your lines for you.
[Tiger] What?!
[Joubert]
I'll write them... you read them.
Uh.
Okay, I guess I don't
get any privacy.
Nope. We want an up-close-and-personal
look at the real Barnaby.
[Bunny] I'm afraid you won't find my place
very interesting.
Oh, that's okay. T
The fans just want a peek at how you
spend your down time, ya know?
-[gasps]
-[chuckles]
What's so funny?
Hey, it's cool, I totally understand.
I'm a single guy myself.
Huh?
Don't worry, I'm not gonna let anything
get on the air
-that would ruin your image.
-Thanks.
Just let me know if you come across
any sites you'd recommend,
[giggling] 'cause I'm always looking.
[sighs]
A ceremony was held before a large crowd
in the Stern Medaille Area today
to mark the completion of the spectacular
Fortress Tower Building.
The high points took place in the lobby,
where a statue of Mr. Legend,
the first hero, was unveiled.
On hand was Albert Maverick,
president and CEO of Apollon Media.
By building the Fortress Tower,
we think we've added a bold new landmark
to the skyline of this great city
as well as a symbol of peace and a beacon
showing the way to a better tomorrow.
[Albert Maverick]
It's time to go, Barnaby.
It's all right...
You won't ever
be alone, my boy.
[Bunny] I'm as alone as ever, sir.
[Tiger] Hi there, Bunny, old pal!
Uh, hey, homie, you wanna like,
hang out?
Why are you talking like that?
It's creepy, man.
[sighs] I agree.
Cut! That's gotta be the
worst acting I've ever seen!
And just call him Barnaby,
okay? That's his name!
I was improvising.
All this scene's about
is you wanting to spend some time
with your partner on your day off.
What's so hard about that?
Now, let's try it again from the top!
Hey, I'm not being
paid to be an actor.
You're lucky anyone's
paying you for anything.
[chuckles] So, what am I supposed to do?
Oh, you're okay. Just
be yourself, that's all.
Just be myself?
That I can do.
[sighs]
He's being himself, all
right. And it's sickening.
[kid] Go get in line!
He's not gonna bite you!
-There.
-Thanks!
Now me, now me!
Some people just have it.
And some don't.
What are you talking
about you don't want it?!
I'm givin' it to you!
It's a collector's item!
No, thanks. Wild Tiger's lame!
Hey, come on, take it! It's free!
You can exchange it for something else!
Oh, come on...
[man] Okay, hold it...
-[woman 1] Huh? Where'd he come from?
-[woman 2] I don't know...
He really thrives
on this stuff.
So does Origami Cyclone.
Hey, there. Are we
almost done here?
[Joubert] Yeah, it's late.
We've got to move on to the next location.
[Tiger] What?! There's more?
One more, the Fortress
Tower Building.
The sponsor wants to get in some
free publicity for its new landmark.
Ah! Look at that!
[Joubert] Come on, let's keep moving.
[Tiger] Hey, wait!
Don't you wanna get a shot of this?
Look! It's Mr.
Legend!
Uh!
There's something
wrong with it.
Hey, is it okay
to get on?
Yeah. I
just fixed it.
Fixed it? I thought this
place was brand new.
It wasn't anything big.
I was just greasing the cables.
[Joubert] Well... we're waiting. Let's go.
[Tiger] Uhh. You sure it's safe?
Would you just get on?
I'm telling you, it's him!
It's Barnaby!
[young girl] Oh my God, he's
gorgeous!
[young girl 2] Shut up! [giggling]
Uh, doesn't that make
your arm tired?
What do you mean?
'Scuse me, I was just wondering if I could
shake your hand?
Sure. I'm pleased
to meet you.
[waitress] Likewise! Thank you!
You're not sick
of that?
Not really. Comes with the territory.
So then...
nice view.
Oh yeah, it's
breathtaking.
[scoffs] What's that building there?
Jeez, man, I don't know, why're you--
Well now, let's see... which one?
-[Bunny] There.
-[Tiger] Oh, that's...
just your... standard... building.
-[Bunny] What about that one?
-[Tiger] That would be [sighs]
another building.
And you see that thing next to it?
That's a building too.
And so's that little one down there.
In fact, most of these things you see
sticking up are buildings!
Will you please
knock it off?!
I thought it was
going well.
[alarm sounding]
[loudspeaker] Attention all visitors,
the building's security alarm
has been activated.
-Great.
-[loudspeaker] Remain calm
-and await instructions
-[official] Follow me!
-from our security personnel.
-Please, everyone!
We need to evacuate this floor!
What's this all
about? A fire?
-Uh, well...
-[Joubert] It's okay,
they're Barnaby and Wild Tiger.
You know, Hero TV?
Oh. Well, in that case, okay.
Just between you and me,
we got a bomb threat.
-What?
-Where's the bomb?
[official] They didn't say.
We're still searching for it.
It could be some sort of
prank, I guess...
Were any demands made by
the perpetrator?
[official] No, not that I'm aware of.
It might be
a prank...
I was just greasing the
cables.
[gasps] Be right back!
Hey, where the
hell are you going?!
[Tiger] Just checkin' somethin' out!
[woman]
A bomb, did you hear??
[Bunny] It's all right, everybody.
It's just a prank, from the looks of it.
But they want us out, just to be safe.
Just think of it as a fire drill.
[grunting]
[gasping]
Damn!
It's huge! That thing...
could flatten this
whole building!
All right, people, this way!
This way!
It's all right, no need
to panic, everyone stay calm!
Single file down the
stairs, nice and easy!
[Joubert] The hero showing he's a hero
even when he's out of costume.
This footage is golden!
[producer] Uh, Miss Joubert?
Don't you think we should
maybe get out of here, too?
You crazy? Something finally happens
and you wanna--
-Hey--
-What?
-How much time we got?
-[Joubert] So, it really is a bomb.
Let's go.
[grunting]
You! You're both coming with me.
We stick to them like glue.
Don't just stand
there, come on!
You've got to leave
like everyone else.
Huh? No way.
Listen, buddy, I've got a show to
run here, whether you like it or n--
You're not runnin'
this show!
[gasps]
This isn't a game anymore Agnes,
it's the real deal.
Look, if you want us to be heroes,
you gotta get out of the way
and let us do our job!
And that job's defending
the people of this city
and that means everyone.
Including you
and your crew.
Whoa, man. That was a
cool speech he made, right?
Huh? Whatever!
You're forgetting, we've got
a job to do, too.
Hey, don't worry. The old man can
shoot your footage for you.
Huh??
Jerk!
I'm gonna have to direct this shoot
from the van,
bring it around front right now!
We go now to Fortress Tower,
where officials have confirmed
that a bomb threat was received
at 7:15 this evening.
...forcing them to evacuate
hundreds of visitors
from the brand-new building...
The latest word from here is that everyone
has been evacuated safely,
largely through the efforts of
the world-famous Heroes,
who arrived quickly on
the scene.
Authorities don't yet know
who is behind the bomb threat
or why the Fortress Tower building
has been targeted.
They don't even know yet
whether there really is a bomb,
but meanwhile,
they're taking every precaution.
Okay, let's get this
party started.
Can't wait to see if they'll pull
this off. [chuckling]
[Tiger] So, any ideas, Bunny?
While we're waiting, tell our viewers
what hair product you use!
What made you think that
the bomb was here, anyway?
[Tiger] Oh, it just seemed strange that
they were still working
on the elevator
after the building had opened.
Is that all?
You saw that guy. That workman.
He was way too clean to have been
greasing cables all day.
His clothes were spotless.
Years and years of honing your skills
have paid off, I see.
[gasps] Hey, it hasn't been
that many years, okay?!
So, seriously,
you got a plan?
Yeah, to be careful.
You're lucky you didn't set it off
when you barged in here.
[giggles]
Fortunately, I've had some experience
with devices like this.
You're kidding me.
You have, really? How is that?
It's part of what I consider to be
basic training for a Hero.
[Tiger, mocking] It's part of what I
consider to be basic training for a Hero.
[grunts] Well, okay.
Fine. Then I guess I'll just sit back
and watch the master work.
What are you doing?
Well, whattaya think?
You're the one who
stuck me with the camera.
Look, I can handle this by myself.
Why don't you get out of here
while you can?
Yeah, right! Like I'd just run off
and ditch you.
What kind of a jerk do you think I am?
Don't answer that.
Anyway, that's touching, but if I were
in your place, I'd ditch me.
[Tiger] Well, I'm not you.
Look, don't go gettin' the idea
it's 'cause I like you or
trust you or anything.
It's just that I've got
standards, too, you know.
And one thing a hero doesn't
do is run away when---
[Bunny] Okay, I got it, now can
you just keep quiet for a little while?
Fine, fine. Not a problem.
[bomb beeping]
[newscaster]
You can feel the tension in the air.
Still no word from inside the building,
where our Heroes Barnaby
and Wild Tiger are attempting
to defuse the bomb!
And keep in mind, they're
facing this danger
without the protection
of their Hero suits!
Time's running out on this the first,
and hopefully not the last,
real test of Apollon Media's two-man team
of crime fighters. While we wait...
It's such a shame we're not getting any
live feed
from that camera inside
the building.
We're just repeating the same
boring footage over and over.
I've been thinking, wasn't it Wild Tiger
who supposedly found the bomb?
Well, we know he hasn't been happy
playing Barnaby's sidekick,
so what if he made up the story
for a publicity stunt or something?
Will you be quiet?
[Bison] Don't get yourself
killed, Kotetsu...
Hey, you
almost done?
You realize we're way past the point
where we could get to safety, right?
Yes!
[Tiger] You did it?
I've only disconnected
the conductor... so now...
-What?
-I have to avoid the trap.
-Huh?
-There are two wires,
one above and one below the detonator.
Oh, well isn't
that just wonderful?
I've got a choice. Cut the correct one,
and the bomb will be defused.
Yeah, I know, I know, stop milking it.
And if you cut the wrong one, we'll be
blown to bits, right?
Yeah, that's about it.
[Tiger] Go high or go low?
Oh, wow, this is such a cliché.
So, which one is it?
If I knew, I would've
cut it already!
-I say go high!
-Excuse me?
-Cut the top one!
-Oh man, not your gut again.
Hey, my gut's got a
pretty good record!
So far, it's
0-1!
Okay then, Mr. Logic,
which one's the right one?
I'm trying to figure that
out if you'd just shut up!
Well, cut one of 'em! Hurry up!
-[bomb beeping]
-[gasping]
The bottom or top?
[Tiger] Go high! Now!
[sirens sounding]
[Tiger] So, tell me.
What was it that made you
finally listen to me?
[Bunny] I don't know. A snap decision?
Seemed like the right thing
to do at the time.
So, you went off your gut.
Put us in a real-world situation and I say
we make a pretty good team.
[Bunny] Well, don't go getting
too excited.
Huh?
I'm still not looking for a partner.
And if I were, it wouldn't be you.
[Tiger] You know, for a bunny,
you're not so cute.
What?
[newscaster] We can finally show you
footage of exactly what happened
inside the building!
[Tiger] Go high!
[grunting]
[newscaster] Take Wild Tiger's
furious fists...
... add Barnaby's
explosive footwork...
[yells]
[newscaster] ...and you have the
formula for a winning team!
[people cheering]
Right, a winning team.
Except for the fact that
they hate each other.
Speaking of which, what do you wanna do
with this footage?
[Joubert] Well, we're sure as hell
not gonna air it.
[Bunny] Great idea, old man,
blowing the roof off the whole building.
Couldn't just open a window?
Shut up! What took you so long,
that's what I can't figure out!
I was nearly caught in
the explosion!
-[Bunny] Maybe that was the idea.
-That's it!
I'll have what he's having.
So... You saw the bomber,
right? What'd he look like?
He was... just your average bad guy,
that's all.
That's it?
But that sure was sure no
average bomb. It was a C9.
But that's the most
sophisticated explosive around.
How'd he get his hands on that?
It's a mean and ugly
world out there.
But I see you and Barnaby
are getting along.
We are?
-[chuckling]
-Huh?
[Tiger] Barnaby? He's a great guy,
and a terrific partner.
We have a lot more in common
than people think.
[chuckles] Huh?
-[clapping]
-Huh?
[Emcee] The first time on our stage
ladies and gentleman, wasn't she great?
Miss Karina Lyle!
[clapping]
Thank you!
Huh?
Huh?!
Hey, this is Kotetsu, the
member of Tiger & Bunny
who puts mayonnaise on everything!
Okay, so Blue Rose has a nice voice,
but why has she hung up her uniform?
Is she really gonna
quit being a hero?
Next time on Tiger & Bunny,
"Fear is often..."
What?